add example to syslib0036 (#33965)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/syslib-diagnostics/syslib0036.md

> Use the `RegexGeneratorAttribute` feature, which invokes a regular expression source generator. At compile time, the source generator produces an API specific to a regular expression pattern and its options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use <xref:System.Text.RegularExpressions.GeneratedRegexAttribute>, which invokes a regular expression source generator. At compile time, the source generator produces an API specific to a regular expression pattern and its options.
```

  ```csharp

>   // This will cause the regular expression pattern to be compiled into your assembly,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // This attribute causes the regular expression pattern to be compiled into your assembly,
```

>   // which enables it to start up and run more quickly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // which enables it to start up and run more quickly.
```
